the other big way to contribute is by
purchasing special red products many of
which will be showing you tonight during
our red shop athon a shop Avant if you
don't know is like a marathon except at
the end your nipples aren't sore over
the past three years are these red shop
Athens have raised a hundred twenty six
million dollars and the items are
special red versions of things you
probably buy anyway so you're ready to
shop until we make aids drop I just need
to change mr. Rogers style and I will
say hello and thank you for being just
the right amount of lonely or drunk to
tune in to our 4th annual red shop it's
all we've been doing this every year now
since 2014 and by curious do we have
some dynamite products to share with you
this year but first before we get going
has anyone seen my co-host she's a lady
about yay high yellow hair and a pink
face well let me give her a call mm-hmm
Oh Kristen Bell speaking hi Kristen Bell
it's Jimmy Kimmel you're late for our
shop athough son of a sasquatch Jimmy I
overslept how quickly can you get here
I'll stall we can't fight something like
aids without you yeah I don't know
honestly it depends on traffic but I
think let me see
finally right now
[Applause]
oh you took the 405 I did it there was
no one on it I'm so sorry I was late but
honestly I blame this supersoft Casper
Redknapp pillow why I overslept if you
can believe I only spent $35 on this
dream maker $35 I must be dreaming pinch
me I'm I'm not touching me we discussed
that I'm not touching anyway should we
start this on you silly goose we already
have started this shop my lord in that
case let me ditch this luxurious
Alexander derasa women also sleep fully
dressed because it makes me feel fancy
and I'm ashamed of my body as you should
be Jimmy hey Jimmy if you're if you're
like me I am you want a personal
assistant to take care of all the boring
tasks that you're just too famous to do
yes and but what I'd really like is for
that assistant to be a faceless robot I
don't have to pay at the holidays or I
can yell at whenever I want tell me
about it allow me to introduce you to
the new red Amazon echo Jimmy Wow I love
it
Oh Oh Wow can do everything from play
your favorite music to answer life's
little oyster Mon I don't believe it can
I give it a try do it
Alexa what's the weather today the
weather today is how the hell should I
know I'm inside with you good point
that's funny cuz mine has like a
relaxing soothing woman's voice it's
different I guess if you want to relax
bring some chamomile tea let me try
something else okay Alexa play some
music that's it just some music what am
I supposed to do go through my Jodeci
tape collection okay Alexa I'm at the
top of my head how about the frozen
soundtrack oh if I hear let it go one
more time imma throw myself in the
toilet I get it
wait a second I think I recognize that
voice it's is it coming from the studio
I think it is pay no attention to the
[Applause]
this is a
yeah I'm the voice of a lot of things I
I've actually been living up Shaq's ass
for the last few years
yeah well I should mention here's at
home could buy their own red Amazon echo
for $99.99 that's right but it no no no
it's gonna come with the standard voice
creepy and white lady hey Chris while
you're here why don't you help us host
the Shabbos on ok ok but I want to try
something new something you guys have
never done before on the shopper I have
a great I had actually why don't we I'm
excited try to fit these directs red
limited edition condoms over our heads
Oh some big wow those those busta rhymes
come
but no no no no I miss something really
different like take a few questions from
the audience
[Applause]
questions about red products or about
the shopping process in general oh yeah
yes yes how about you sir in the in the
stylish hat yes yes can you hear me
can you hear me yes can you hear me yes
we can hear you see me in here maybe see
I'm very hungry
and I have almost run out of snacks that
I brought from home okay well that's not
actually a question but thank you for
you know saying it a questioner my
question is when will my hunger
nightmare be over
lucky for you those is selling this
beautiful chocolate collection and you
can eat that Oh hmm those do look
delightful I'm a bit of a chocoholic so
which means I'm addicted to chocoholic
indicia and it is ruined by Lutz well I
I'm so sorry to hear that but afterwards
don't forget to brush your chocolate eat
eat with this quip read electric
toothbrush fun fact about me Jimmy I
brush my teeth
35 times a day I've got a little too
much for the goats you know my Grammy
Belle used to say why even have gums if
they are you gonna hurt right what a
charming idea granddaughter yes I have a
question
all your products look smashing I'm an
eccentric billionaire and I would like
to purchase all of them and I'm just
wondering what sort of method of payment
oh that's a great question you know Bank
of America is the official payment
provider of the red shop we do accept
all major forms of payment so anything
thank you for me I got how primitive I
keep all my money in a hot-air balloon
that's smart actually you know for every
dollar spent on Amazon during the
Redshaw Pathan Bank of America will
contribute the cost of a day's worth of
life-saving medication up to a total of
1.5 million dollars Wow one point God
god bless you mr. moneybags should we
take one more question from the audience
I think we have a gentleman right there
yes you in the trench coat yeah I have a
question I'm wondering how can I so you
know help support the fight against AIDS
while still enjoying my my favorite
hobby could be possible what what's your
favorite hobby
my hobby is uh feeling the wind whip
through my hair as I as I speed through
the streets of Rome escaping Italian
police this guy's really yeah
in that case what about our red Vespa
946 scooter
that's such a perfect idea because if
you love feeling the wind whip through
your hair while evading the Italian
police you could buy one of these yes
they're Italian
you know I buy when you could steal one
see you later suckers you're stealing
from a charity that fights any yeah you
know I hadn't thought about it that way
but since I'm already committed to this
idea I'm gonna I'm gonna go through with
it
[Applause]
there they go making a getaway
away and they got away get emotionally
me chasing them sure go get them thank
you stop them they were going so slow
men to say the least I apologize you
know what Jimmy you seem like the kind
of guy who will do anything to convince
teenagers you're cool that hurts but
yeah you're right I am right okay then
you'll go gaga for this beats pill plus
portable speaker can I tell you
something my favorite music is the sound
of possums fighting each other to their
deaths
but we can listen to your music without
upsetting those around you
wow this is great I can listen to these
possums fighting for hours and hours
couldn't you Kristin no I'm more of a
dog person what'd you say
[Applause]
do you hear whenever anyone says dog
that must be exhaust
yes I do and yes it is and now I'm gonna
need you to slide to the left for
somebody to take over this show it's
mines now it would be an honor to be
kicked off our own field by you Snoop
Dogg go right ahead good evening ladies
and gentlemen what the most so here's a
toast to the Boogie SN double opt owg
and you know what time it is yes I know
what time it is according to my Apple
watch with the red modern buckle it's
just a few minutes I Jimmy shut up man
that was a rhetorical question it's time
for the green shop
yes now ladies and gentlemen our first
product is an ounce of the speak I don't
I don't think they can do that because
the green shop Athan it's it's only
legal in ten states thirty three if you
include medicinal I'm sorry stoop I
think we got to stick to the red show we
have game well we got to go with it
red that's cool Jimmy because my eyes
are red as hell oh my god oh you dog you
are always on drugs aren't you I
suddenly got the urge I feel like eating
this entire box of chocolate like to go
strapless - we're gonna take a break
will we come back a Mila Kunis Channing
Tatum Bono and Pharrell
[Applause]
I'm about to be joined by my good friend
a talented actress whose hair is a
different color than mine
[Applause]
really like music it's it's tunas it's
Kunis I changed it for showbiz oh that's
smart
wow you're hard yeah Mila is here
because she's gonna introduce a very
exciting product okay
who here has heard of television Wow
it's that pretty my body yeah I'm here
came out this is a Vizio red Pete series
55 inch TV wait guys just look at this
crystal-clear picture
you were wrong mama I made something to
myself I graduated top of my class at
college university Wow
it's Channing Tatum Channing Tatum he is
pure man candy and I'm telling you have
a sweet tooth
yeah and I became a veterinarian even
though I never learned how to read wait
this movie seemed serious I'm worried he
won't take his shirt off well he better
take something I know right okay really
look I'm a serious actor okay like all
you care about is whether I'm gonna take
off my I don't know some skin or
something are you here
yeah I am talking to you ladies okay I'm
more than just a piece of meat it's true
I'm a piece of meat with feelings okay
well now I feel bad I mean I I suppose
there's a lesson here it's wrong to
treat men like sex objects yeah no
matter how smoking h.o.t they are yeah
that's the lesson
[Applause]
thank you
I forgive you if you have forgive you
for all the whole other things that you
guys said about me I really do because
forgiveness is is what the red shop
Lathon is really all about it is no I
don't think yeah it's not I don't think
that's what it's about
anyway wait how did you get here so fast
yeah it was easy thanks to my own boon
to bafreux drills Sonny cheated can I
take a selfie with you using my red
iPhone ten heart take it off the
shoulder
[Applause]
I'm here by my good friend mrs. Zoe
Gamora
is a character I've played right you
have you're not wrong you have told me
that Gomorrah is here to help us with a
cosmetics demonstration this year red
has paired with Tarte cosmetics 2
producing named the line that will blow
your socks off Wow
Kristin they look great in the case but
can we see them in you bet we can let's
take a walk to our cosmetics command
center what the what happened so it
looks like a raccoon got into this stuff
secure alright alright yes
[Applause]
here's the deal here is the deal we
think our raccoon may be loosed in the
studio capes to keep your gorgeous smoky
eyes peeled green okay Kristen Bell by
Kristen Bell thank you there's makeup
and mustache hair everywhere this is
gonna take forever to clean it up the
good news is cleanup will be a breeze
thanks to the Dyson v6 absolutely back
[Applause]
hold on why is a woman being forced to
clean up after a man I mean we don't
have to conform to these traditional
gender roles you know what Gomorrah you
are absolutely right can we get a man
out here to vacuum
[Music]
[Applause]
there you go thank you very much
the world is a better place when men and
women work together yeah together that's
know we're sorry we're gonna leave
though but when you're done doing the
carpet could you also do the windows
where you're going oh we have a date
with a bottle of Belvedere Laura tell
Jimmy I don't know tell him we had to
leave because of like girl power or
something okay
[Applause]
only a sour
[Music]
you